A co-founder speaks on camera in an office setting, introducing ComfyUI.
The speaker explains the limitations of existing AI tools and Comfy's open source approach.
Footage of the ComfyUI node-based interface, demonstrating how users combine model components visually.
Examples of professional use cases: Hollywood studios, advertising agencies, and creative fields.
Team members share their experience working at Comfy, highlighting the community and product connection.
Engineers discuss the culture of ownership, driving product initiatives beyond assigned tasks.
A designer describes the excitement of working on ComfyUI's frontier design challenges.
Discussion of Comfy's transparent culture and open source code practices.
A co-founder shares the mission: making open source win so everyone benefits.
Closing message inviting talented people to join the team, with a group shot of the Comfy team.